======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Zone of the Rocks
The Big N
Inheritance
The Master
The Big Short
Star Trek: Enterprise
The Terminator
The Wrath of Khan
Twist and Dope 3D
U-571
Zero Bullets
A Dog's Purpose
The Godfather: Part III
One and Done
In Blood, Water, and On
The Godfather: Part IV
The Wolf of Wall Street
The Guns of Wool
Black & White: Part I
The New World Order
Escape from Bad F***
The Devil's Own
The Devil's Own 2nd Quarter
The New York Red:
The Hunt for Red October
A Room with a Chance of Meatballs
One Shot
M.I.M.D.
Menace
Zero Dark Thirty
Zero
Anaconda
Alligator
The Devil's Own
Anaconda
Heaven's Not Dead
Zac City
The Mask
Anaconda
Zorro
Zorro
Boys
Zorro
Menace
Zorro
Aquaman
The Long Kiss Goodnight
Star Trek: First Contact
Alligator
Star Trek: First Contact 2
Star Trek: First Contact 3
The Hunt for Red October
Star Trek: Insurrection
The Hurt Locker
Zero Dark Thirty-Nine
Terminator 2
The Last of the Mohicans
Terminator
The Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Terminator
Terminator: Genisys
Godzilla
Godzilla
The Lost World: Part II
Godzilla
The Night of the Long Kiss Goodnight
In the Line of Duty
Super Mario Bros. 2
Godzilla
Godzilla
Raiders of the Lost Ark
Superman<|endoftext|>This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.

AMY GOODMAN: It took some 24 hours for this to actually happen. The Associated Press reports that three people are dead, more than 800 people killed, including members of the U.S. Navy.

The AP reports, quote, "All but three of the victims were American citizens. Two were in Iraq.

"They were in critical condition," and that includes their family members.

LENNY W. GRAY: It was devastating that so many American soldiers died on the battlefield.

TARRATTA P. CAMPBELL: It was so devastating that so many of our troops were killed.

TENNIS HAYWARD: It was so devastating that we lost nine lives and seven civilian lives.

AMY GOODMAN: Not only in the United States, but also outside, what exactly is the United States doing that is so lethal?

TENNIS HAYWARD: Well, the United States of America is a government program of the government. The government takes its orders from the executive officers of the Office of Management and Budget. And so you have the president, the President of the United States, who takes those orders.

This executive order's a very difficult thing. First of all, it's a very frightening order, so I thought it would just be fun. I tried to imagine having a big, big army of law enforcement officers on the street, with guns drawn and all, looking, and asking the question, What the hell are these people doing? I didn't see a single sign of mercy. One or two are dead.

Then there isn't much mercy. What's so fascinating about the world is the incredible intensity of violence directed at those very same people. I mean, what the bloody, brutal nature of that has to do with what the president, the president of the United States, says to the country, for the rest of his life.

In my mind, the reason he said that was for political reasons. It's because his character, as I said, is at once, if not ultimately, horrific.

He's the most brutal of all human beings. You have to put a stop to it to find out whether we're really killing anyone. So I think it's an insane world.

But the worst part is that if this president decides to continue to threaten to kill, he goes out of his way to kill, and he really makes this threat.

But I think if he could get to that point to convince the rest of us, as President Bush did, that the United States needs to do more to put people under siege, that the U.S. military needs to be expanded, that the American military needs to be strengthened, that the First Amendment requires to protect American property, I hope and pray that our nation, through law, is able to stand a chance of victory in this war.

I think that one of the greatest things we can achieve is a more peaceful world. The United States has a better chance, I would remind you, just because of the fact that, you know, the government has lost the battle. But I think that
