======== SAMPLE 1 ========
The Sudden Impact episode

Dana's Revenge Episode V

Dante and the Devil May Cry: Red Vs Blue

Dante and the Secret Weapon

Doctor Strange

Doctor Strange: Shattered Memories

Dante vs. the Forces of Evil: Resurrection

Sons of Anarchy

The Devil's Own

The Devil's Own II

The Day of the Dragon

The Matrix

The Evil Dead 2

The Last of the Mohicans

Terminator: The Terminator

Batman: The Killing Joke

Batman: The Flash

Batman Begins

Batman and Robin

The Devil's Backbone 2

Superman

Superman: The Animated Series

Boys Town

Batman Returns

Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice

Batman: The Last of the Mohicans

Superman: New Frontier

Superman

Superman Beyond Earth 2

Batman: New Warriors

Batman: The Last of the Mohicans

Batman: The Flash

The Big Kale

Batman: The Mask of Death

Batman: The Mastermind

Batman: The Return of the King

The Day of the Dragon

Batman: The Movie

Batman: The First Avenger

Batman: The Warrior

Batman: the Animated War

Avengers: The Age of Extinction

Inherent Vice

Avengers: The Movie

Avengers: Age of Extinction

Alien: First Contact

Avatar: The Last Airbender

Avatar: The Shadow of the Colossus

The Avengers: The First Order

Avatar: The Shadow of the Colossus

Battlefield 1942

Battlefield: First Strike

Battlefield: War Thunder

Battlefield: Warzone

Battlefield World

Battlefield: The Line


Battlefield: Death Match

Battlefield: V for Vendetta

Star Wars: Battlefront III

Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace

Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith

Star Wars: Episode IV - Return of the Jedi

Star Wars: Episode V - The Force Strikes Back

Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode VII - Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode VIII - Return of the Jedi

Star Wars: Episode X-Men: Days of Thunder

Star Wars: Episode XI - The Last of the Mohicans

Star Wars: Episode XX - The War of the Worlds

Star Wars: Episode XX - The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars: Episode XX - A New Hope


Star Wars: Episode The Phantom Menace


Star Wars: Episode I - Return of the Sith

Star Wars: Episode II: The Phantom Menace


Star Wars: Episode III - Battlefront III

Star Wars: Episode IV - The Phantom Menace


Star Wars: Episode V - Return of the Jedi

Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode VII - Attack of the Clones<|endoftext|>It wasn't always easy to pull a stunt with a big name, but this is definitely one.

As he stood atop the National Mall with his friends, an announcer from Disneyworld shouted, "What's up, buddy?"

In an attempt to get attention (and, frankly, get the attention of a huge number of American women) the young comedian and the cast of his latest Disney Channel series will throw something at the crowd.


The first act will be a show about real life in the real world, featuring the likes of Ricky Gervais, Elton John, Bill Murray, and Jim Carrey.

The second act will feature the likes of Will Ferrell, Woody Allen, Ben Affleck, and Robert De Niro.

The third one is all about a gang of drunk women (with a twist, of course), with a twist, of course, that will make them all look good.

It'll be at a place called The Bistro.

There's the whole "Ladies Only" crowd who were just going to eat at the famous Italian restaurant.

And I have this guy called "Ronnie" (yes, I have a problem with this name!) who has two kids. He's an actor and he's also gay. He's just been on the set for about 15 years.

But you know what?

He's got a guy named Rocky who goes through puberty, but he's not trying to hide that. He's trying to hide that all of the time.

He's not trying to get on an airplane and start shooting the gun in the sky.

He's tried
