======== SAMPLE 1 ========
oc a lot and they can't use it! Don't worry about that, I'd like to try it all again so I don't have to."

Rudolph got his own idea to do this thing.

"If you're feeling like you've been denied my trust and I'll let you do this, I'm all set. And I'm not going to sit around and make a bad argument about things. I'm going to do it, I have my friends here, but I'm going to do it myself."

That was the plan. You know, people like watching their loved ones die in an ambulance, and it's really cool. It was great and it was hilarious, but the whole concept behind it was not quite real enough; it wasn't something I thought about at that point. I thought about trying a little at the beginning, like, "This is going to be funny, but I would never say no to it unless he got a couple of heads on his ass just as I did." I think I could've come up with something more than the idea to try it, but it just didn't come together.

There were a couple of things he made that I just thought might work out better than what we're used to to. One was, he had to put the ball down, he could only touch it. But I think the other thing that I made is we go out there and get the ball to put, and the ball hits the ground, and it hits the ground, and there's two guys standing there, and he's hit the ground, but they're not the two guys that hit the field, and nobody hit and they're still doing what they're doing. Like, I'm like, "He came up to my place as soon as the ball is down. He didn't have to. I didn't have to hit him. He's going to have to get to your place, and I'm going to get hit."

And he went down there, and it was all over. And it's about 20 seconds before the ball hits the ground. Not a good call. You guys are going to go down there and do it, and if there's a guy down there, they have to get back there, and he has to get back to his place.

So it was a little different than how his other buddies started out, and it went through the roof. So his buddies were up there, and he had to move down, and it was a lot easier to move down than the one over on the wall. Not even the other guys were up there doing the run. He had to do it in time.

He had to just get out there to the side before he had a chance to put the ball down. So you just can't go anywhere else until that ball hits the ground. That doesn't sound much like what people say when you're in a boxing ring. But it's a lot better than the way he did it.

That first time we went down there, I was a whole mess on the floor. It was pretty hard. He had to move his hands up, and they just dropped, and I was just like, well, there he goes, there he goes, there he goes on, and I had to push him with one hand. He dropped hard. He did it right up close, and then they dropped hard to the side, and he was like, well, no. I just pushed. I got a little too hot. So he held my hand with one hand and he held his hand with the other, and then I started to do a little push. And I think he was getting more hot, but my fingers were still a little way off.

That second time, he's like, "Well, I was just gonna take care of the rest, man! I'm gonna cut it off if I make a mistake or get caught." He was like, "You know what, you can't do that. If you get caught, I'll cut you off."

And I just kept saying I can't do that, and he kept throwing the ball too hard, and I got one of my hands stuck in the ring with that, and that just took my hand off the ring, and that gave me the heat.

He would try to push and pull his hands away from mine, and I got the weight of a gun down, and I just kept pushing it. He'd pull and pull again. And when I got the weight of it down, he was like, "You got me. You got me. I got the weight of a gun down." I was like, "No. No, it's no. I can't do a shot."

He had my body on the way down, and I took one of his long shots. I'd just started to slide across the floor to try and get it into my body. I felt like
