======== SAMPLE 1 ========

This time, we'll be taking a bit of a break from what we've been doing on the podcast to have a little bit of fun with everything. This is an interview with my new buddy Jason Sudeikis. You can also read all my other stuff here on my website.
As you'll notice, I don't really have much to say. If you've been following along, there's been plenty of great stuff here. My dad (also named Jason) and his wife and I are on the fence about what we've been up to and what we've enjoyed doing. But we have an awesome time. If you're curious, here's what we've been up to.
First: we're a couple weeks from the start of our second season! We'll be spending more time with our family and doing all kinds of little things to celebrate our family back in Canada. My sister and I have been talking about the idea of a family reunion. (If you're reading: "How to Make the Best Friends in a Small Town.") My brother and I are all over the country singing. We don't have it in us to keep it all to ourselves because we've been in Winnipeg for so long. We'll probably just stay in Winnipeg and record more music.
And then, finally, we'll be heading for Toronto in September, which means we'll be doing my dad's wedding and we'll be making a couple songs on our next trip to Toronto. It's going to be awesome, and we're just so lucky to finally get back home.
And then, for good measure, we'll be doing our second episode, and that's this one right now. The last episode we did was on the anniversary of the first game of Magic Cup in 1997, so we're gonna put a few on that.
And then it's in a room for sale in the theatre. The theatre, in fact, is the coolest place on Earth. There's a special thing called the Theatre of Magic, and if you look at the picture, you will see this:
As we were sitting listening to these two episodes, my dad says to me "You've got this wonderful little book! That's why you play Magic," and I say, "I can do this." It's one of the best I've ever done. I am so happy about that.
And so we sit back and relax as we all sit in the back of the theatre. You know, we never know what we'll see. So let's just get it, and then we'll get off.
And then we all leave.
That's when that last episode came out in 1993.
And my brother and I were really happy to hear.
And that Christmas morning we played and we played a bit of The Magician's Song. We were all so happy.
And then, of course, we sat back and listened to The Magician's Song for about an hour before we went home and we ended up playing all six in the same room together. Well, it was a pretty lovely experience and we didn't want it to end any way. There are things we regret in life.
And then, the second thing.
And then the third thing.
So then it's two days after that in January, I guess.
My dad had just left the White House for New York and his first wife was gone and I was sitting in the living room with my friends and I was thinking, "That guy's got a good time and my kids will love his birthday again someday."
I said, "That's not the case."
And the next thing I know, my mom is in the living room and I'm telling her I don't want to date my dad, and she asks me if I want to date her.
And I said, "Well, what about all the other kids?"
And she said, "Yeah, you can do that."
It's funny. All my friends were like, "Okay, okay okay, you can do that someday."
And I'm like, "Okay, okay, I can do this, and we'll do that, but I'm like, okay, let's do this."
So I kind of put my hand on her shoulder and I said, "You better do this." That's not just a compliment; it's like an obligation.
So I do.
And I do one day.
And then it was finally my turn.
And they're sitting in the living room. I put my hand on them.
And the next morning, my dad looks at me and he can't believe it.
And the next day, I'm on this flight and I was on and on. I was doing this, and I was on. But then the flight got to New York and you had to go back to New Mexico.
The next day, I'm in New York.
The next day, I'm on that train
