======== SAMPLE 1 ========
New

This weekend, New York Giants defensive tackle D.J. Fluker returned from his six-game suspension last Friday to kickoff a practice camp practice workout at Barclays Center, and has been one of the most productive rookies on the Giants practice squad (and still so far without making the team).
D.J. Fluker's two years at New York will be one of those years when his contract is fully guaranteed and he is going to be part of every Super Bowl team ever. He is a star in New York right now.
And last year is the year he was given the chance to join the Giants. This will be a season in which he will be in every respect worthy of playing for the Giants.
It will be fun, though, to see the kind of development a healthy D.J. can take with the best of them, as it's what New York has always done.<|endoftext|>This is another one of those occasions where this is actually necessary. I have only seen the first and second season episode of this show and have absolutely no idea which of the two season series I'm referencing! But since I have seen it, I know what to expect, so let's get to it!
Tiny (yes, she's an actual name) Yuki and Big Mom get involved, and when she tries to get a hug from Chiki, she gets it cut short just like Big Mom! They also decide, after that little bit of chivalry, that they can have an adorable baby without Yuki getting hurt.
The kids, on the other hand, find that no one is as jealous as Shintaro and Natsu and Tsubasa. They try, all three of them, to put it out that way, but when Big Mom tries to get a hug from Natsu because they think he's a baby to Yuki, she doesn't get it (and when the kids try to get into a fight with Big Mom for his baby he throws up). And when everyone at the club gets arrested for stealing some stuff from the library (they're also caught and charged with "slavery") they're not the first to see the big deal, so Big Mom, on the other hand, gets it.
She learns that everything is just a trick on her, but her brother and other members of the same secret society are getting caught at the bar and she realizes she's lucky, and they don't.
Yuki, like Tsubasa, loses her innocence. She never was supposed to remember what it felt like to be in the position she was in, and she's never had a clue about what everyone else in this world is thinking about her future. When Natsu and the boys come to the bar for the birthday of Gendo, she starts to talk to him about the time she and Shintaro were locked in with one another, and Tsubasa is convinced she's in trouble because Big Mom isn't looking so happy at the end of the show.
Even though Mom is a jerk to her sister, Tsubasa gets over her and goes to the bar to hang out with Gendo. Gendo asks her if she's not jealous on the way to school. So Yuki and Big Mom agree that that's where their friendship comes from. Big Mom tries to figure out what she is up against since she doesn't know how to win a fight, instead of blaming herself. She also has this idea that being a father and a mother can't be any different than being a father and a mother, so she just goes out to talk to him about it. But Big Mom just tries to explain that it's because she is more experienced with a lot of things, and just can't seem to keep up with all that pressure.
Tsubasa tries to explain away what he's trying to explain to Shintaro, because it's not as if she's going to get her head chopped off by an angry Natsu anymore. But it does end with Shintaro saying that she's not going down that path anymore. She doesn't even remember her last name, because they were at the bar together. It's like when Gendo is sitting in the kitchen talking to Big Mom. Tsubasa says she really does remember him from his childhood. She even thinks about coming back, but then she can't remember who it was or where she was from or anything like that again.
Yuki gets her head chopped off, and Big Mom tries to tell her that she's a great person, because that's what makes you so cool. She remembers all that stuff. And when Gendo gets home from school he asks her to come along, but she's not sure about that and doesn't know what to say to her. Gendo is just so much cooler and more attractive at school than he was until she's in her teens.
And what does that mean for the rest of the episode? Well,
