======== SAMPLE 1 ========

The group met in the lobby of a nondescript building on the corner of 10th and Madison Street.
They spoke without telling the crowd. They gave each other a handshake, smiled, kissed. They were happy, and it seemed so.
"We've been having fun for a while. We've been doing a lot of fun, all year. So, we can't say we were happy about it, I think," says Mark Zellweger, a 32-year veteran of the team and a teammate of the two that first visited the Pacers a few years ago.
It didn't take an MVP in New York to make the Pacers feel better in Cleveland. When the team met in May 2013, the players were very friendly, even the coach, Steve Kerr. They played in front of the cameras, even though they were only 15. They had been playing in a game at Madison Square Garden the same day during the regular season. It was a special night.
With their head coaches and some of their players, the Pacers were happy. They were proud.
The summer after the All-Star break was the end of this team's season, a time that had been coming. A new team was coming. The All-Star break was nearly upon us.
A summer before the All-Star game.
"A summer before going to [the NBA]. It was the beginning of something new. It was like playing in New York," says coach Frank Vogel, who spent the past four seasons in New York after serving as his agent.
The team had a new home. They wanted a way to connect on an otherwise distant college campus. When he got back from his stay in New York, Vogel was an agent with the New York Knicks. He moved the team to Madison Square Garden. They would live there until Vogel landed a job. That wasn't long before they met in Orlando.
"It's the end of my first season here," Vogel says, laughing. "So, I was like 'OK, this guy's got to get the job. No, it's fine.'"
A few days before they moved into a place that could never become a hotel, Vogel and Zellweger were working on a proposal. Vogel asked the same kind of question that one would ask when you got out in New York. What kind of a team you wanted to be here for.
"He said, 'I'm just going to put a wall on top of my hotel and it'll go down. You won't get this guy in and he's not there,'" he says. "I had a look at it and said, 'OK, I'm gonna put a wall on top of my hotel.'"
Then what?
The team was coming off a 10-win season, which ended in a division title. The Cavs lost to the Celtics, and, while they didn't win three straight in the playoffs and were only playing to a win in the regular season, they won seven more. In the finals, the Warriors beat the Pacers, but the Pacers were the good ones and the Pistons lost in the Finals. And it was about that time that a new Pacers team came calling.
"There's just always a time [for that]," says Zellweger, who took the spot off the bench for the first time. "It was just really great. It was just something you didn't expect and something with the type of atmosphere we had when we were a young team."
So they went after it. They started from scratch in the beginning and went on to win, too.
By the time they arrived, the Pacers were 10-5. There was no way Cleveland was going to change that, especially not from the way they did in the 2010 season: They were just going to make the playoffs. They didn't have an easy year. They had a bad start and all of a sudden, they had a star out there that no one expected the team would turn out. Those were huge words.
The summer after the All-Star break came after, because the team was still only 25-28. The season wasn't finished. They'd been on the rise for so long, and it didn't begin to look like they were going anywhere.
The team's last season in town was a disaster. They finished second-to-last in the standings, but in the postseason, they lost a series to the Raptors. If they could have done that, they were going to win the playoffs and probably the World Series.
The team didn't make the playoffs. Even with the team gone, it's hard to tell what had been going on in the East.
"What was going on when we went to Atlanta and all that, we didn't know how to be in that environment," says Vogel.
So, at that point,
Percentage present in input file: 0.0