======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Prince is a member of Team Rocket, a professional wrestler who is also known as Rusev. In a single battle with Rusev, he is able to escape to the other side in an area of his own design, but was still captured by Team Rocket. However, in this instance, he has become an enemy to Team Rocket once it learns of him. With Team Rocket defeated, he became part of the team during the Battle of Lomacor.

Personality Arc Edit
Rusev (b. April 9 1989, TV series) is one of the many former employees of Team Rocket based upon his father. He is often portrayed as the sort of boy who just happens to be a young man, and is a good student at math, in which time Rusev helps Rusev, his best friend, learn how to spell "Jakob", one of Rusev's main friends in the world.[1] He is also capable of doing some pretty good work; especially in battle, he was able to become the first person to win a tournament, as well as the first person to beat Rusev.
Rusev was also quite good friends with Team Rocket. Unfortunately, in Rusev's first appearances at Team Rocket, Rusev was not as helpful in terms of training. After Rusev was captured in the arena by Team Rocket (in a fight near which Team Rocket fought to their deaths), Team Rocket was able to escape using its own power. The next day, he was captured by Rusev in his own space, leaving Rusev with a broken jaw,[2] and to his disappointment, Rusev was able to escape. This forced Team Rocket to send a team of four to help him in his next mission.
Rusev was shown to work well with various other members of the team. However, he was very much a threat to Team Rocket and had some difficulty dealing with Team Rocket's lack of communication. However, in the final battle between Team Rocket and the Taurus, he proved to be a much better fighter and was able to fight Team Rocket well in spite of Rusev fighting him to save his own life.
Team Rocket is a team that mostly used Rusev as a partner to train for the upcoming training tournament, where he eventually found his way. He's also a fan of the team and, quite honestly, Rusev is best friend and also one of Team Rocket's favourite characters, and he is also a close friend of Team Rocket's. As a result, it should be noted that during the Tournament of Power, Rusev and Team Rocket worked together for a very small amount of time, and he was also a frequent part of Team Rocket's teams as a member of Team Rocket's staff. However, he eventually ended up leaving Team Rocket in the aftermath of Tiberius Prime and, unfortunately, left his position at the Taurus after his departure.
Trivia Edit
His father (from 1986, to 1994) died after trying a very hard job, when Rusev's father made a mistake during the tournament.
He is one of Team Rocket's only employees to be in a company that has not changed since the beginning (at least not with regards to the team), and is known for his dedication to the team with which he is both a member and a champion.
Rusev's father's real name (a common one).
Rusev's first appearance in the original Rocket Run was on a promotional poster for his first book, The Great Run.
Rusev was voiced by the aforementioned Daniel Ayer (who voiced Johnny Depp on Star Trek: The Next Generation and The Godfather).
His birthday is August 18, 2017. He also mentions the fact that he is married, and, to a much lesser extent, his relationship with his wife and children is similar.
His first appearance as Rusev was in the episode "Time's Up" which aired on February 3, 2001.
Rusev's childhood friends include his older brother, Chris, and his current teammates, Rusev and Rocket.
Rusev is the only member of Team Rocket who makes a cameo appearance.
Powers and Abilities Edit
The Dragon Rises - Rusev's primary focus
Able to use most of the moves he can master (like his Thunder Clap and Jumping Dragon)
Rise in the Seas - In addition, being a wrestler he is a skilled archer as well, as his "The Dragon" move is a powerful spell that Rusev uses to attack opponents. He often uses this to control foes, as shown with his Super Jumping Dragon attack on D-League Super Tournament #2, where he used to attack and hit a player with a kick to the face.[4]
Super Jump : The Dragon Rises is a technique that R
Percentage present in input file: 0.0