======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the day, a story I've always thought about, even if I don't believe it.

And as we all know, Joe and I got a bit older, and Joe and I were a bit of an obsession. So the idea of Joe seeing a movie, and taking my hand and whispering in our faces, and a movie about Joe and the American Dream in an English section of the house … it was one of those ideas that I was more of a believer in.

But I've never really thought about Joe and the American Dream more, though.

The Best Job Ever is Hard

Like an Army of Me or Iron Man, Joe and I made one helluva movie together about a group of kids that went out to the movies.

The Best of Both Worlds
Kissing You Home Again
When Joe Cockerilla and Joe Rogan Jr."
For an American to get a chance at a Hollywood movie is to be American, and Joe and I, and in particular the American Dream, got an American.

If Joe W.
In the end, Joe and I have the American Dream, we still got Joe.
When Joe and I met in '94, Joe and I had an American Dream of sorts in their heads.
A Tale of Two Girls, Part 2
If Joe W.W.E.R.F.<|endoftext|>The New York Rangers today officially announced two signings to their roster on an open market and they'll officially join the OCC in 2017: Jonathan Quick and Kyle Quincey.
Quick came over from the New York Rangers in the American Hockey League and was part of the New York American Hockey League's Winter Classic in 2012. After the Winter Classic, Quincey was traded to Colorado in 2013. Quincey spent the last two seasons in New York's OHL and he'll play in New York for the 2015-16 campaign. Quincey had an outstanding season for the Rangers as well. Last year, Quincey had an excellent one night stand with the Lightning and the New York Rangers won the New York Rangers' first Stanley Cup this past March. Quincey has a nice long-term deal, so we've heard the Rangers will be giving him a shot.
A few of the minor-league players on Quick's first team include: Joe Nieuwenhuis, Joe Cole, Michael Leighton, and Tomas Berdych. Quincey, along with Quincey, will make his New York Rangers debut on Monday nights in New York.
A few of the minor-league signings in the off-season include: Joe Louis Valle, J.P. Ricard (in New York), Joe Cole (in Minnesota), and Ryan Callahan (in New York). After they hit the open market and received an expansion draft, Quincey will make his New York Rangers debut on Tuesday nights in New York. Quincey is the first to join the Rangers' summer league schedule as an OHL All-Star. Quincey had an excellent first year with Quebec City in the OHL, but he will have to prove he belongs on a regular basis. After missing the playoffs last season, Quincey signed with the Montreal Canadiens.
The Rangers' offseason has been pretty amazing so far. Quincey has played in 12 of the New York Rangers' 17 regular season games and added five points in two games. During his time on the New York Rangers roster he did not have much of a season. Quincey played in 19 of New York Rangers' 32 regular season games and added seven points in three games. During his time on the Rangers roster he did not have much of a season. Quincey played in 37 of New York Rangers' 41 regular season games and added six points in six games. During his time on the Rangers roster he did not have much of a season. Quincey scored four goals in nine games during the Rangers' final season. After the Rangers' final season in Boston, Quincey was traded in the New York Rangers to Pittsburgh in the 2011 OHL. Quincey had an excellent year and finished fourth in New York Rangers scoring. Quincey also finished on the top ten in the Boston Marathon. After the Rangers beat the Detroit Tigers in the 2012 OHL season, Quincey was traded. Quincey has yet to score in a major-league game. After scoring four goals in seven games in his third season in the American Hockey League, Quincey scored just three points in his final six regular-season games. Quincey has had an excellent year. After scoring six goals in three games in his rookie campaign, Quincey received a trade with the Philadelphia Flyers in 2007. Quincey played in 37 of New York Rangers' 60 regular season games and added seven points in five games. After the Rangers beat the Philadelphia Flyers in the Boston Marathon in the 2011 OHL season, Quincey took a significant step in his
