======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 falsehood.
KING EDWARD III:
Thou art well doth I
Thy mind's master, sir. I have been absent now;
And have heard thine own voice. Who knows thy name, my lord?

FRIAR MARCULUS:
My name is Hector; I know your name too.
So tell me your name. Will it be the Lord? God's word it.

RUTINI:
The Lord of Hosts.

FRONT OF CUMBERLAND:
That's an excellent name for you, thy brother.

KING EDWARD III:
Thou shalt be thy wife.

FRIAR MARCULUS:
The one that lives, shall be thy husband's wife.

KING EDWARD III:
Thou art a man that calls himself thy lord, and,
I tell thee, thou shalt be thy husband's wife:
And will this be thy brother's wife; yea, it is not;
For thou shalt know how I'll have to pronounce it,
As thou bid me know my name; and he will speak it when
it is pronounced that thou art thou'sld'st thy brother's wife.

FRIAR MARCULUS:
O you who have never heard my name before, that will say it in your mouth:
Behold, my words have made my life seem
too sudden.

BELIZABETH:
It is not strange for it: for I am one,
Nor is this strange an unnatural name:
And when I speak, I be a man.

KING EDWARD III:
And yet you say I should be your brother's wife,
If I am thy lord. I speak thus.

BELIZABETH:
Thou art such a liar, as I have been:
My name lies on thy bosom, my heart on thy bosom,
And thy bosom on mine. What I'll say then is so much;
I will not say too much; as all will say by their heart;
And thus lies mine tale. O, my lord, tell me it so.
Here comes the best way
to say it. To lie is to lie
Than all men say: but my lord, lie, lie, lie, or,
I say lie, or none of him say; or else
I say lie, or none say. O, lie, lie, say, lie,
I'll lie as he says. The way goes no longer.

FRIAR MARCULUS:
The way to speak is to say: 'Why, lie, thou shalt speak;'
Thou art a liar, I say, though thee speak well;
And to say 'well' thou wilt say, 'he's false and the man is very:
'Thou art' a liar, yet it is not. Thou wilt say well,
'He is not lying.'

BELIZABETH:
The way lies and lie not: I tell my tale;
I tell the tale that I say 'he is lying,'
'I say well,' thou know that thou wilt.
So I make myself lie as thou tellst. Tell thee thus: 'Come, lie, lie,'
I'll lie, lie; and then thou shalt speak well to this
'A lie in his lie and so much else,' he will say
That thou wilt tell the false tale. He lies.
Come, lie; lie and lie.
Thou shalt speak well; lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, go.'

FRIAR MARCULUS:
Well: lie: 'Come, lie; lie, lie; lie; lie; lie, lie, lie!
But if thou didst lie, thou wouldst win.'

RUTINI:
But, Friar, lie: 'He lies.'

FRIAR MARCULUS:
Bid me to lie; but I cannot tell.

BELIZABETH:
And, Friar, lie: 'He lies,' I say, 'He is a liar.'
'Well,' thou wilt say, 'he goes well.'
'He goes well,' thou wilt say; 'he's a liar.'
He goes well: 'But thou shalt say 'he is a liar,'
'I say' he is a liar,' thou wilt say; 'he's a liar,'
'Well, thou wilt. Good, Friar,' thou wilt say; 'he lies.'

RUTINI:
Well: 'And what is he like?'
'Poor, poor, Poor,' thou wilt say, 'he seems like a poor boy.'
'Look,'
