======== SAMPLE 1 ========

The original image on this site was taken by a US Coast Guard ship for about 2 years ago. We do not know if there was an incident but some witnesses are stating these events were very recent and have a very different perspective.
We would encourage all witnesses to follow this link for some information. Thanks for your support and please share this site to encourage people to look back from the past. We would appreciate if others saw this information in their news items.
In a similar situation, the North Shore Shipwreck of the North Bay was discovered to be more than 10 feet long by approximately 15 feet up and to be between 50,000 to 125,000 square feet. The damage is estimated around 5 years. It is difficult to believe what happened to the vessel. It's unclear what happened after the ship was discovered but we would encourage anyone to visit this site to help identify who is underwater and where this ship might have sunk. This is a rare sighting.
Please consider sending a link back if you know something is wrong or have any other information that could confirm this. Thanks for this help and look forward to seeing the photo.
Please be mindful of the unknown or possible location of this ship if you may come across it on the news or just in case other people think it looks like this! In many cases, you will see the location of the body of the ship.
Many people have reported seeing the body of a small ship in the ocean in the same area as that found on October 15, 2007. A few sightings have had the body of this ship observed by some. The original image shown on this site was taken by the US Coast Guard Cutter to celebrate the arrival of the ship.
Click images at right for large.
The Ship has been discovered under the surface of the Pacific Sea.
These photos are by the same source as the original. Many people have reported seeing the ship in the sea while it had been sighted and photographed.
Our search for these is based on pictures from the past few years, and all of them have an important significance to the Navy's search efforts.
A very rare occurrence occurs at the south shore and has been mentioned in pictures and many of the photographs were taken from the ship's wreckage. Some photos were taken out of a boat and are a result of natural conditions. Some of the rocks were also visible, while others were of other objects.
There are many other photographs in the works which show such an event. One can find only a few images of what appears to be the ship from the past 12 years.
One of the many photos is very unusual in it. Here it is the USS Nacinato. In my view it is more likely that that was the ship that lost its anchor and were left to drift in a net that had been used for navigation.
Another one can be seen from the same photo as the original when the anchor, known as the "Tuck" was first found.
This photo shows "The Pearl Harbor Shipwreck of North Bay." At the bottom of the photo, the ship is said to have been sunk when it was found. In the photo it is said that only an estimated 5% of the entire ship has been destroyed.
The shipwreck that has been located is very similar in the photos. This is the very famous North Shore Shipwreck which was located near the Pacific Northwest.
It is also possible that we are looking for this vessel when they are found in the North Shore.
This is a very rare occurrence if you do not know what the ship was to begin with. There are no photos of this ship in the works, but this is a clear indication that it appeared to be a missing ship located in the ocean. The first photo was taken in October 2007 when the ship was spotted by several witnesses.
If you are a witness to this ship, or have any other information on what might be out there and how to find it, please contact Dr. Michael Krasinski in Cape Town, South Africa. There are no confirmed sightings so we have never had an official sighting. We do know from our own research that some of the objects had a unique pattern. Please find the date, location, and approximate location of this ship under the photo of a ship being seen near the North Shore or anywhere near the location for this particular ship. We can't confirm this much because a few of these pictures were taken at sea during a seaplane search mission in the winter of 2001. We have never had an official sighting of this ship, but that does not stop us from making recommendations.
This small boat is found from another location under the seaplane that was found on May 30, 2003.
These photos of it have no apparent significance by my perspective as there is no clear image. The boat is a very narrow beam about 12 feet
