======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Mag and Blue from an episode of "Bully", where he is an assassin in "The Man Who Loved Me", as well as being the leader of "Punchback Alley" and "The Punisher." The character has also been a key role model to kids and adults alike. He also made a few cameo appearances in popular movies such as "F.A.V.R.: The Dark Knight Rises" and "The Man From U.N.C.L.E."

In 2013, he appeared in the upcoming remake of "Battlestar Galactica" where he was seen with the titular character.

In 2012, he appeared in the video game series Pokemon Go and had several character appearances in various titles. In 2014, he was also released as a playable character in the Disney cartoon "Dumbo" and in 2015 on the Disney cartoon "Gangnam Style".

He first played a major role in "Avatar 2" where he teamed up with other notable characters including The Big Bad Wolf, Snow White, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.

As of December 2016, he had been signed to Sony PlayStation.

A short time later, he has signed to the same company as the Disney-funded project "Dumb and Dumber", which is looking for artists and animators to voice and develop characters.

He has also recently been working with the Disney-backed animated series, "Dance!" which premiered in 2015 and will be broadcast this fall.

He is currently playing for the Japanese band The Blue Dragons in a series by composer Takashi Miike.<|endoftext|>S. 1675 (112th) was a bill in the United States Congress.

A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law.

This bill was introduced in the 112th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2015 to Jan 2, 2017. Legislation not enacted by the end of a Congress is cleared from the books.

How to cite this information.

We recommend the following MLA-formatted citation when using the information you see here in academic work:

GovTrack.us. (2018). S. 1675 — 112th Congress: To provide for a minimum number of days in the calendar year for the filing of federal income tax returns, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue shall designate a time for the filing of each return filed jointly with an entity which was the subject of a previous conviction for tax fraud by a taxpayer whose tax return was submitted during the preceding year by a private corporation referred to in paragraph (a) of this section, pursuant to part 7 of title 7, United States Code, not later than March 1, 2016. Retrieved from https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/112/s1675 "S. 1675 — 112th Congress: To provide for a minimum number of days in the calendar year for the filing of federal income tax returns, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue shall designate a time for the filing of each return filed jointly with an entity which was the subject of a previous conviction for tax fraud by a taxpayer whose tax return was submitted during the preceding year by a private corporation referred to in paragraph (a) of this section, pursuant to part 7 of title 7, United States Code, not later than March 1, 2016. This section shall not apply to an account under a trust under which the taxpayer is the director of a trust controlled by the taxpayer. R.S.O. 1996, § 5.

See Sec. 1, paragraph (c) of the section heading to read "The Secretary of the Internal Revenue."

"The Secretary shall issue appropriate directives on the effective date of this bill to the Attorney General upon the request of the Senate or the House of Representatives. They may be sent or certified by each State in the union to the Attorney General prior to the date of the act of the House of Representatives. They may be requested in advance of the filing of Federal income tax returns or other similar reports that the Attorney General may hold and may be required to provide in writing to the Attorney General within twenty days of the date of the act of the House of Representatives in which the report should be submitted to the Attorney General. They may also be requested for submission by the President and must be provided to his or her designated agent within thirty days of the date of the first enactment that is passed."

In 1992, ( S. 1316 — 112th Congress: To provide for a minimum number of days in the calendar year for the filing of federal income tax returns, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue shall designate a time for the filing of each return filed jointly with an entity which was the subject of a previous conviction for tax fraud by a taxpayer whose tax return was submitted during the preceding year by a private corporation referred to in paragraph (a) of this section, pursuant to part 7 of title 7,
