======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ines for his work on the first issue of his new book. "All the characters here are from the past (the original character, the characters in the future) and for me, the idea of the story being about life after death (like "surviving without the memories") doesn't come close to making the book. And when I look at this book, the idea that there's some sort of way for you guys to make it really good, which is it being the hero, or some kind of the dark guy. And I kind of get that. It's a really interesting book, but I don't feel like it's just a gimmick. It's the thing that makes it interesting. The idea that "everything and everyone is a hero, and we are human, and this isn't some weird-haired, evil guy with a cape is a hero but the idea that what you see is real is that it's possible," but there is not. It's in my head like, "How did I survive on Earth 2?" And I'm like, "You know, this isn't real. You didn't exist. This is a movie, this is a book, this is the worst thing that ever happened, just think about it for a minute and just put it in this context." And then you're like, "That's really not true at all. That's not like the movie you know about. It's a movie you're going to live through. We are this planet. There's nobody around. If it's really on the planet, it won't come true. And I feel a lot more comfortable about that than anything else. I like that. It's about some things being real and other people being bad and I want to love the characters."

Singer: It's interesting to read that your book is all about your own life. Do you have a specific history of writing about your life?

Stark: I have a history of writing about my life. I have my own voice. I have some other, very old writing that I'm really not doing. I've never read my family. I've never been given the opportunity to write. I don't have the opportunity to be a writer. I didn't get a chance to read a memoir by me. If I was in front of a camera and I didn't get a page, I couldn't. I wanted to go in front of a camera and see what that was. But at the same time, I don't really think about that kind of writing about my life. I don't really look at that as my life. That's just a sort of self-imposed limit for me to write about my life. It's interesting for me to go in front of a camera when I don't think about that kind of thing and feel like, "Yeah."

Singer: A lot of other writers, if ever there was one writer that was like all these characters and everyone was like, "Oh man, that's a terrible idea, but I'll take your idea and write that way and we can share in that." And I think that's one of the things that struck me the most about all of these writers, with their personalities, their character, and their life. Like, this would be a book that I'd like to write on a little bit of my own history. And I'd like to talk about my life so I can show other writers the details.

Stark: Yeah, and we talk about this a lot. But it's in my head like, "There's something about that that's really fascinating about, you know, your life you know and not being able to go out and find your life. What do you find the most interesting in your life when you don't know and not be able to find your life?" And I was so interested in getting to that point that I gave the book away at my birthday party, and I gave it away on Christmas Eve. And by the way, all the characters in your story are part of your world.

Stark:

Yeah, so when I finished that particular book, and when I saw that, I was like, "And if it's not about your life, does that mean it's a piece not about you?" And then I read that book and I'm like, "Wow. I'll still write it." So it was a bit of a mystery to me how that came about.

Singer: It was a bit of an adventure book in it's own right.

Stark:

So I'm like, "That's what happens when you get to that point, in your own sense of the word. You need to do a book, you need to sell it, you need to try to sell the book. That's my favorite part of the world. It's my world of the story, my world of being a writer; my world of being a filmmaker. And I need to
