======== SAMPLE 1 ========
get-breeze/
Rolf Krum
Rolf Krum died, but the "Rolf Krum" image stuck and he never turned green.
Rolf Krum became a recluse, but he never turned green nor the image would go away.
Rolf Krum was an old acquaintance of the Duke of Gloucester and a dear friend of the Duke of Buckingham, Sirius Blackmoud Blackmout of Blackfang Burrow's Quibbler Palsy-Cedric Doreen Fink.
Rolf Krum was so proud of Fink that he called him "Fink" for "the good-niece" of the Duke of Norfolk.
Rolf Krum loved his grandmother so much that he would marry her. Sirius Blackmout loved him even more. Sirius Blackmout deigned to have his own son.
He and Sirius Blackmout had the same name and the two of them were cousins. In fact, Sirius Blackmout the Blackmoor was the third son of Baron Mordaunt and Griselda Baron Mordaunt.
In the beginning, Rolf Krum believed Fink would have been the most suitable son for him and the Duke of Gloucester.
In the final hours of March 2035, the Duke of Gloucester dutifully went into the Duke of York house and told him "I know for you that Fink is the Duke of York."
Rolf Krum wanted to marry Duke Filius Flamel, but Flamel had the best of things to do.
In "Rolf's Secret Life" Rolf Krum goes as far as to accuse Filius of conspiring with Dumbledore.
Rolf Krum had planned to become the Prince of Wales in "Ivor Dursley the Dark" but Dumbledore had already warned the Duke of Edinburgh the same night.
Rolf Krum had secretly drugged the Duke of Gloucester in the belief that there would be trouble.
Rolf Krum thought that Filius would get his revenge.
In "Rolf's Secret Life" Rolf Krum goes as far as to believe Dumbledore meant "Dufridge the Longbottom" to have a son named Bessius "Bosch" Dobbs.
In "Rolf's Secret Life" Rolf Krum is so impressed that the Duke of Kent dutifully accepts the invitation on the day Dursley drugged him.
Rolf Krum, who apparently thought "Bruno" Weasley would like to see Blackmorg "Barty" Smethfield "Brutus" Blackfoot.
In "The Blackmorg Grindelwald" the Duke of Kent "Chagrin" Grindelwald is one thousand years old.
The Duke of Essex has never met Blackmorg Grindelwald and so knows nothing of Blackmorg Grindelwald.
Blackmorg Grindelwald knew of his father from his youth.
In "The Blackmorg Grindelwald" Blackmorn had never met Grindelwald. Blackmorn died of unknown cause and died in unknown circumstances less than three hundred years after Blackmorn had married Grindelwald.
Bjornovitch Blackmorn had died in unknown circumstances, had the family name "Blackmorg Grindelwald" removed from his name, and had adopted the name "Gladys" before returning the Prince of Wales by means of "Gladys Grindelmore" (Vernon the Longbottom) and "Granger" (Mondragon the Longbottom) rather than "Duke" (Morgoth the Longbottom) but Blackmorn could never have known of the Duke's birth name.
In "Gladys" Blackmorn knew Blackmorn as "Gladys" but "Gladys" Blackmore, Blackmoresby "Molly" Blackmoor, Dagworth Blackmoor or Blackmoor Sr should all die from a cold. Blackmorn, the Blackmore, the Blackmoresby Sr, the Blackmoresby Sr the Longbottom had died of natural causes a century earlier when Blackmore was still alive.
Gordo Weasley Sr
Gideon Flamel "Granger" Grubbly-Eddie Weasley "Goshawk" Weasley Weasley "Goshawk" Goyle Weasley "Goyle" Weasley "Goyle" Weasley "Goyle" Goyle Sr Sr Weasley Sr Weasley "Goyle" Weasley "Goyle" Weasley "Goyle" Sr Weasley Sr
In 1859 Blackmorgus Blackmorgus had been the Headmaster of Hogwarts at the time Harry Potter was born.
In "Mr Weasley" Blackmorgus Weasley's name could have been "Mr Weasley" Weasley "Mr Weasley" Weasley.
In "Mr Weasley" Blackmorgus Dumbledore "Dudley" Blackmorgus "Dud
