======== SAMPLE 1 ========
rouch. The first of them is that they are about to go to the war, but the second gets off his bike and comes to the other side. And finally the third one has the same goal: He is going to use his bicycle, but the bike has some limitations.

So it's not a clear-cut decision, but the decision has to be made, and in a way, it's about time.

GALLUP NEWS

The most difficult part is figuring out where I belong.

For one thing, it can be difficult to tell where I am. It's a physical and emotional and mental problem. Sometimes there's a feeling in there, and sometimes there's a feeling, and sometimes there's a feeling, and sometimes there's some feeling. I know that, but it feels like so many of us have it. But I also know that a little bit about who you are, and what you're going to do, and where you are going, and what you're going to take to the field and try to win.

I know that, too, but I also know that one night I would like to lose at home. I would like to be a good person.

But I know that I'd like to be good. I'm a good person that you can help.

On the road: You could be an accomplished cyclist, but you're not at the best of grades.

You could be one of the top 10, and I'm guessing that you're the top 10.

On your team: You have a very big group and you have a lot of other guys.

It doesn't even matter if they were the biggest and the best or the best. I think everybody's going to win their first game.

On going blind: I'm not afraid of blind spots, but I think it's the best way to find an avenue to come in and play.

That's why most of our friends are blind.

On your own experience: A lot of the time I have a very good friend, and we have three other people.

My buddy is the one who was a rookie, and when I'm walking to, I have to go look up to him for help. You look at the other people and you can just see them.

I'm pretty good at it. I'm very good at it.

On your time: A lot of people would say I'm the best kid growing up. But the first time I went on the road at four, I felt a sense of emptiness. It wasn't a good feeling at all. The first time, I thought it was some crazy thing. I thought I was going to kill myself.

On winning: I've won about nine games, and I want to lose like a lot of other kids.

When I win, I want to win on the other side of the lane. I want to win right along the way. On the road with the people, I think I have great people. I'm a smart guy, but I don't have great feelings about anyone.

GALLUP NEWS

The only time that you've won a game for the first time in your long-term career has been the second time. The first time was in the 2002 World Cup finals. Was that the real first time you won back-to-back games?

GALLUP NEWS

The first game was in my first year in junior college. We were in a different situation. I still remember in junior college, our teammates were not playing basketball and the team was only playing hardball. We had a really bad team, and that was our opportunity. If I put a little chip on my shoulder, I'd feel the pain every time I stepped off the floor.

But I made big strides with that first big game.

GALLUP NEWS

The second game was in junior college to begin the first season. When you played that first game, what was your experience like?

GALLUP NEWS

I think I just learned the hard way on this ice, and that's what I've always been doing.

We were playing against the good kids, and it was a big, good, big contest. The first time it was all a little different. It was a pretty good, big game.

After that, I had the first two games, and I think we really played hard. I think they had more luck than I did because of how good the kids were. And we just got more experience.

This game on the road with the coaches?

GALLUP News

The first game, if you're going to win it, is a lot more important than the second game. There's going to be a lot more heartache on both sides of the room, and we want each other to get out of that. You could see
