======== SAMPLE 1 ========
The of Mary, The of Elgira, The Little People, The Little Children's Story, The Lord of the Rings, YA, The Wizard of Oz and the Return of the King. We've also heard of D.A. Salvatore's first short, The Black Panther, because of his book The Little People.

In The Flintstones: A Musical, A.I. Sink Thru the Water, there was an article in the New York Times about the role of A.I. Sink.

In The Secret of Monkey Island, the story of a boy named Ben is told by a man with an uncanny ability. Ben is an evil frog called Marley, who is trying to steal power from the world of Hyrule.

In Alice in Wonderland, in the opening of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, a group of kids make out in the distance. The kids notice that they are in a fairy tale and begin to investigate.

In Little League, in the opening of Little League, the team makes out in the distance. The kids notice that they are in a fairy tale and begin to investigate.

In The Flintstones: The Movie, A.I. Sink Thru the Water, in the opening of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, Oz and the Great Mouse Detective, when the party finds out that they're in the water, they help the party and return the favor by getting them to the bottom of a water source and returning home.

In Animal Man 3: The Little Princess Diaries, Dora the Explorer, and The Muppet Christmas Carol, Dora is seen trying to escape a group of mad explorers.

In American Dad 3: The Movie, Dora has a dream and accidentally makes her way across the pond.

In Family Guy: Friends Forever, Dora and his band of merry-go-round start out chasing down a lost baby pig in order to find a hidden gem.

In Animal Man 3: The Movie, Dora and his band of merry-go-round start out hunting down a lost baby pig in order to find a hidden gem. In Family Guy: Home Alone, Dora helps Dora rescue his beloved Shaggy Dog.

In Family Guy 3: The Movie, Dora and his band of merry-go-round start out chasing down a lost baby pig in order to find a hidden gem. In Family Guy: Waking the Lion, Dora and his band of merry-go-round start out chasing down a lost baby pig in order to find a hidden gem. Dora and the Gang of Four start out hunting down a lost baby pig in order to find a hidden gem.

The Young Frankenstein Chronicles, from the animated film A Nightmare on Elm Street, begins with the return of Dora, the Dursleys, and his friends. The adventures of Dora, Piggot and the Wiggum begin in 1939. A Nightmare on Elm Street was published in the United States in 1939, and became the third film in the animated film The Wizard of Oz and the King of Thieves. The story, which centered on the adventures of an evil wizard named Munchkin, was originally intended to be a sequel to The Dark Crystal, the first video game to feature a character as the Dark Lord. Following The Dark Crystal, Munchkin's Secret Invasion was the third movie in the animated film. The film has an English-speaking cast and was based on the book of the same name by William Geller. The Wizard of Oz is also a non-English speaking movie and a sequel to Jagged Little Busters!. Before The Three Stooges: The Movie, Dora, along with the rest of Dora's Magic League team, travel to Paris to investigate the disappearance and theft of a magic gem.

The Wizard of Oz will be available in theaters worldwide Friday, December 1 in the United States, in the UK, in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and, starting December 20, in Canada and the United States. This is the second film in Dora and the Dursleys' adventures.<|endoftext|>The following article was originally published on MNN.

It's been 15 years since Dolly Parton's iconic, dark-haired, black cat — Dolly, and you, I mean, Dolly Parton — was in the public eye at all. In all the media attention the beloved singer received, she was simply forgotten. Now, as we age, so do the more iconic singers: Dolly Parton, Jada Pinkett Smith, Elvis Presley and Elton John, who, in turn, became synonymous with a whole new generation of pop singers.

But for those on the outside, Dolly's disappearance may have been much, much more than a simple case of mistaken identity.

"I had always loved Dolly," says New York TV's Larry King ("Johannes is from Poland," "
