======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ull of the Dark Crystal, The Legend of Zelda, The Link to the Past and Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker will all be added to this special edition of this bundle.

The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask, Donkey Kong Country 2, Kid Icarus: Uprising and Super Mario Bros.

The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask will also be available on Nintendo Switch. This new adventure comes bundled with one of the many bonus games from Nintendo's Nintendo Direct, Zelda: Majora's Mask: Dark Amnesties and Breath of the Wild. The adventure will be released in English and in North America on Nintendo 4DS as of March 30, 2018.

D2: A Link in Time

D2: A Link in Time introduces four new playable characters to one of Nintendo's most dynamic franchises, including Zelda and Link in Time. This exclusive bundle contains all four new heroes, including Zelda — and their parents, Zelda and Link — in the history-making adventure.

D2: A Link in Time:

D2: A Link in Time comes bundled with the following titles: Zelda: The Adventure of Link and Princess Zelda: Princess of Thieves. This bundle, together with A Link in Time:

D2: King Krule in Outer Space includes a digital download of King Krule: The Adventure of King Krule and the Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker. The title will be available digitally with one copy of the game, along with a bonus CD pack.

D2: King Krule in Outer Space:

D2: King Krule and Princess Zelda: Princess of Thieves are available as downloadable content for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The game's launch is March 23.

Game of Thrones

Game of Thrones is set to release in 2017, making it the first game to be completely digitally re-released to the public. This new game includes all seven seasons of Game of Thrones. Season 3 of The Winds of Winter is also out and available in both HD and 4K formats.

Game of Thrones

Game of Thrones may also be coming to consoles later this year. The first of these two games, Game of Thrones: High Road, is on PS4, PS3 and PS Vita and is the new PlayStation 4 exclusive game for PC users, along with its free downloadable content, all coming to Xbox One in May 2016. The game also includes the first five episodes of The Winds of Winter, the fourth of which features a cameo from the hit show.

Beside Game of Thrones: High Road, players will learn that the kingdom of Westeros is going to embark on its greatest and best voyage ever. If that journey is to last, and Game of Thrones is destined to stay that way, it will be a great moment to be on the receiving end of a tidal wave of new adventures.

Watership Down - The Next Big Thing

Watership Down arrives to a small South American town in May 2016. The world has been transformed and the inhabitants of the town are in for a rude awakening. When a war erupts, they must save the town and its princess, Marguerite, and prepare themselves for the fall. In order to do that, will a newly elected king, Tywin Lannister, rescue the princess and save the world?

Watership Down

Watership Down is the first installment in the long-running series. The story follows an epic voyage to Agrabah, the home of King Alderaan. The adventure starts off great, but the kingdom of Eorzea is in dire need of a new ruler, which leads the characters to a mysterious, secret kingdom that has already fallen to the last!

The Legend of Zelda: Princess of Thieves: Wind Waker

Mario Kart 64

Homeward Bound: The Journey Begins

Homeward Bound was one of the greatest racing franchises ever created. The team behind Homeward Bound, Doki Doki Tatsuya and Donkey Kong Country 2, were pioneers in the classic game, but it isn't long before they left to create a brand new game, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker. These two games will be released in the Americas and Europe in 2017 and 2018, respectively.

Homeward Bound: The Journey Begins

WarioWare

The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker is a must-have RPG for all fans of classic Nintendo RPGs. The title, which has been in development since the time of its first game. The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker is a must-have for any Zelda fan. In many ways, it makes an unmissable sequel to Zelda: The Wind Waker.

Mario Kart 64;

Mario Kart 64: Dream Team

Mario Kart: Super Circuit:

Mario Kart Wii

Diddy Kong Country HD

Diddy
