======== SAMPLE 1 ========

The only other big names who didn't receive mentions from the Trump family were Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump.

The pair recently made headlines after a video surfaced of them standing together in her kitchen discussing the Trump name, joking that Ivanka Trump "can't believe it's out of place on the floor."

Kushner, who was reportedly given the role of host of "Hannity," was not featured on Trump's late-night talk-show, "The Apprentice," until two weeks ago, when he told the New York Times that he could not work in the Trump Organization because "I couldn't be the same person in the future."

The New York Times reported Wednesday that Kushner and Ivanka Trump met on Dec. 1, 2000 at the Palm Beach resort with the two men "but the two women never interacted in the same spirit."

"The men believed in the value of diversity in America, and I believe that the Trump Organization and President Trump are going to take that to heart," the president-elect said. "I've always been very committed to that. I've been telling President Trump to look at diversity in America, from first lady Melania Trump to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and I believe that the time has come for the two of them to truly shine in this country together."

The two women also met in 1992, when the then 32-year-old Trump said Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden were "the most corrupt people I've ever met."

Kushner also told CNN that he'd been "the one who did the research" at the time and concluded that the Clintons had no business running the world and never would again.<|endoftext|>The Cattle-Free Banquet is an annual event for the Cattle-Free Banquet. From October 1 through August 1, Cattle-Free Crows will descend to Buffalo, New York to welcome local Cows, and to welcome Cows from All Dairies to Banff!<|endoftext|>Greece has already seen its share of wildcat strikes in recent months, including the sudden outflow of water from the Mediterranean for the first time in four decades and over 200,000 people who have been evacuated from their homes because of heavy food riots in the country. Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, in keeping with a far right "populist" strategy of restricting the flow of money, ordered an immediate, $1.5 billion government budget emergency for the impoverished country.

However, the measures, which were announced by Tsipras himself, come in line with the country's own government's insistence that the country was in the midst of a natural disaster. It has been estimated that at least 1 million people have been killed in the past 30 years and a billion people are displaced.

The latest incident—a massive boat carrying around 100,000 people from the Eastern Mediterranean, in the first such catastrophe to occur since the Second World War—shows just how far Greece's political elites have come under siege. The ruling Syriza party has taken a hard line in the face of the government's economic plans to help Athens.

During the 2015 general election, the Greek government repeatedly referred to the bailout as "a gift to the devil," and has called for the government's immediate "reflections."

A Greek official described the crisis in Athens as "an enormous humanitarian crisis" that had been spiraling out of control. In a speech to a press conference in which he vowed to protect the country and "protect our democracy from the greatest threat in human history," Tsipras promised that "every penny of the bailout that falls to the banks and the rich must be repaid in full and in full before the next financial crisis breaks out."

Yet, the latest episode in which Greece's ruling National Front swept to power in the first round of the national election—the only national vote in 15 years—is merely the latest example of the deepening political crisis of this country. This was a country with a long and complicated history, as an offshoots of Britain's Great Depression, where the Second World War began.

In the summer of 1943, in the midst of his campaign for the French Second Army leadership, President of the United States Roosevelt ordered the bombing of Germany. The Nazis and the Allies began their battle to reclaim the continent through a series of air raids on the American mainland. On 11 December 1942, the first American plane flew into the eastern European town of Kiel, killing 3,000 people. The American government, enraged by the atrocity, ordered the evacuation of the Jewish people from their homes, and in 1943 the world's worst war was over.

A half-century later, in 1944, America sent 4,500 more troops to the invasion of France. Yet, the American government did not make a concerted effort to end Germany's existence. It kept an eye on the American mainland, deploying additional military forces along the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, but it kept its eyes on the American east, which
