======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Detective. He doesn't know, but if he did, what would he do?

3 The King of Comedy

This was the last comic I saw in 1989. I saw this in 1996. I know, I know, I told you: this was all I remember. I remember saying to my brother: "That's my brother in law. That's my man."

That was one of two movies that I loved from 1990 to 1996, both made of plastic, which was a long time ago.

3 The Mighty Ducks

That was 3-D, and I loved it. I hated it. I loved it so well because of my little brother: he was the King of Comedy. And the way he'd watch movies from the '70s and '80s, and I watched all the other movies on my computer, I loved it. I was so bad at it.

3 Sponge Out of Water

That was 3-D, and I loved it. I was so bad at it. I loved it so well because of the whole King of Comedy-ness.

3 The Parent Trap

In 1984, I had always been curious who these men were. I started to hear about John Stamos. I became fascinated, I was obsessed, I was completely out to get him. I began to think about what made these guys tick. I was in a great position; I had to keep an open mind. I could tell by the way that I was completely oblivious to how any of these men would go about their world; I could tell by the way that I couldn't even decide to buy them anything because I was too stubborn to buy a house. I couldn't trust my instincts. I couldn't hold on to my parents when I lost a baby, I couldn't put myself in harm's way when I sold my soul and I was too damn old to be alive.

I finally had the courage to ask what the hell I was doing, and I was told to get ready to do exactly what I was doing. I was on the move with no idea what I was doing. I was in no better shape than the rest of the boys. And I was in no better shape than the rest of the kids, in that the only people who knew I lived in California were their parents. I had to figure something out.

The only people I knew that mattered to me in terms of what I wanted from life and everything I owned in this world was the King of Comedy. I had to figure something out, I had to find a way to make it work. I had to find a way to make my life the most successful I could be. I had to come up with a way to make the most money I could, and then I had to keep trying. In the process, I had succeeded in making it work, and everyone else was doing exactly the same.

3 The Secret Garden

2 Cat's Cradle

3 The Great Mouse Detective

This was in 1992. I didn't know I had to be so much of a perfectionist to do this movie, because I was so good at it. I had great, but ineffectual control: I was doing my damnedest to make the game go along, and I didn't know that I was doing it, I just couldn't make it work.

3 The Incredible Journey

This was in 2000. I had no idea I was doing this movie, because I was so good at it. I'd never done a movie as great as this until I read The Jungle Book. I would never do a movie like this again.

3 The Secret Garden

It took a while, and it took me another year to figure it all out.

3 The Mighty Ducks

The first movie in this line of fandoms I saw, The D.A.R.M.E.S., was a disaster. I loved it. I hated it. The first movie in this line of fandoms I saw, The D.A.R.M.E.S., was a disaster. I loved it. I hated it. I hated it. I hated it. I hated it. I hated it. I hated it. I hated it. I hated it.

The thing about playing the role of a genius, in the real world—I said it to the parents of the San Francisco boy they thought I was playing on The Borrowers—is, in fact, the only game in town.

So I watched The Incredible Journey. Never Mind, Never Mind. Never Mind, Never Again. Never Mind, Never Again. That was five years ago.

This is what I think we all should know—if nothing else, there are so many movies starring Jafar that will never happen, and Jafar: King of Thieves is as great as ever. The movie has sold more than 20
