======== SAMPLE 1 ========
restrial to the Moon, and the Secret Invasion of the Space Pirates, a tale of the first time a pirate tried to take over the world! The world is falling apart and you must save the world from another invasion of the Earth! The story can be retell in a way you had not envisioned!


- Take your own journey: A new set of characters are introduced and some are added as new ones!

- New characters have been added to the game: Kingpin, Black Panther, Ghost, Rocket Raccoon, and more!

- New missions: A story is added to Kingpin and some new characters are added!

- More of Kingpin's classic heroes in the new adventures, including the original character from Super Mario Advance!


The most powerful Secret Invasion of the Earth-sized version of The Secret Invasion!


Key Features

- New Character

- New Secret Invasion of the Earth-sized version of

Kingpin and Ghost, each with their own unique gameplay.


Kingpin


Kingpin (Super Mario Run) features all the characters from the new Super Mario Run, including a new level, a new Secret Invasion of the Earth game mode, and more!


Kingpin's Power Rangers

Kingpin, King Paz (Sonic's Super Mario Story), and much else in this classic classic story!


The Secret Invasion of the Earth


Secret Invasion of the Earth brings to life what will forever be known as the Secret Invasion of the Earth. One of the greatest adventure stories ever! The Secret Invasion of the Earth was told by Steve Jackson in 1971 when he played with the original Super Mario Bros. NES character. Now, in the 1980s, Jack is fighting the Evil King and he's faced with two different dangers!


The Secret Invasion of the Earth takes the classic Mega Man heroes to a new dimension and reveals what will replace them. Can you save Earth from a new enemy with a better, stronger version?


Kingpin


The Secret Invasion of the Earth is one of the top 3 adventures in the series. The adventures take you outside of the Mushroom Kingdom, where you face a new villain and the power to reshape the world to suit your whims. From Bowser to Mario to Snake to King Mickey, Kingpin is at the heart of the story and he'll try to force you to save his kingdom from your rivals!


Paz


Paz: A Super Power Ranger Goes to Earth!


Paz: A Super Power Ranger!


The Big Bad Boss Dies!


The Big Bad Boss Dies!


An Old Friend in Search of the Big Bad Boss: The Secret Invasion of the Earth Adventure

An Old Friend in Search of The Big Bad Boss: The Secret Invasion of the Earth is an in-app purchase that lets you play as a friend of the Big Bad Boss. Your buddy, Peanut, travels back to his previous home in the South to save his family. When Peanut, along with the big bad, get trapped in his own dimension (called the Big Bad City), he's forced to face the evil of the Big Bad Boss until you defeat it! What kind of villain do you think could be hiding from you in the jungle, and how will you solve this mystery?


The Big Bad Boss Dies

In an unexpected event, a hero with a bad secret who had fallen for an old villain and a strong, evil, mysterious boss who'll get out of your way!


The Secret Invasion of the Earth

This amazing Super Mario 64 adventure follows the adventures of Kingpin and the Mighty No. 9, the new hero of NES games from 1992!


The Secret Invasion of the Earth Game

In this classic story, the Mighty No. 9 gets into a fight with the Evil King! All the heroes of the old Mighty No. 9 adventure are defeated and must face the evil of the Fantastic Four!


The Secret Invasion of The Earth Game Game


The Mighty No. 9's adventures in this classic adventure take the Mighty No. 9's team of heroes to an exciting new dimension. When a villain with no good intentions emerges, the Mighty No. 9 is forced to battle the villainous new guy for glory.


Super Mario: The Adventures of Super Mario Team Fortress

Super Mario Team Fortress is a great NES adventure and it never fails to have its time on its side! Join Mario and his team at the helm of a super secret company as they take on the ever-growing team of Mario and Luigi, complete with unique costumes, new heroes, a whole new way to play, and the ability to ride the "Super Mario Bros." on a giant robot!


The Battle of Super Mario Bros.

Super Mario Bros. Battle! will have you fighting the superpowered Mario Go! and the superpowered Luigi! There's no better way to show your support for your beloved franchise than
