======== SAMPLE 1 ========
oc, who is also a member of the "Free Tibet", a coalition of Tibetan political groups and other organizations which supports the state of Tibetan independence in an alliance with the United States. In 2007, the Dalai Lama visited the UN, according to news reports. A member of the alliance in 2008 was the Dalai Lama's deputy, Sogyal Banda, a senior Chinese leader who is also a leader of Tibet's People's Democratic Republics and the United Party of China. Sogyal Banda is also close to the Dalai Lama and is also a member of the Aomori, a Chinese party in Tibet. In April, the Dalai Lama attended a meeting of the Chinese People's Liberation Army's Military Liaison Bureau, which met with Banda.

A representative of the National Defense Information Center tells us that it is illegal to speak about China if your language is not English. They say that there are problems with the use of China's official language in many media, though. However, the NDIC representative says that the U.S. government has given certain legal information to the Dalai Lama.

A spokesman for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), which also runs the Tibet office in Beijing, says that the Chinese government's crackdown on Tibetan separatists is not based on any information about the Dalai Lama that the U.S., in the past, has provided or sought.

We can hear from the Dalai Lama on any time.

The U.S. Defense Department on Friday said it has concluded that all communications with the Dalai Lama about the U.S. government have ended after it stopped the search of a cellphone using an electronic device, according to Reuters.

Read more:<|endoftext|>The New York Jets traded a fourth-round draft pick (10th overall) to the Miami Dolphins for veteran guard Nick Gostkowski. (0:25)

The New York Jets are not in much of a rush with their third-round picks and two third-round picks in 2018. But they're sure to have a lot of assets to work with as they move through the offseason, and there are a lot of big plays that could be made.

According to ESPN.com's Adam Schefter, the Jets are expected to try to get Gostkowski to make an impact as they look to acquire their first-round picks and a pick to upgrade at linebacker, the third-round pick (8th overall) and the 4-3, 4-5 and 6-7, 6-8, 6-10, 6-11 and 6-9. Schefter noted several big plays may be made, including a run that led to Minnesota running back DeSean Jackson being picked ahead of Gostkowski (the Bills also had the 9th) and the run it led to Minnesota running back Mike Nugent (the Dolphins chose to draft at No. 3 overall, so they'll consider it at the 3rd-round)

If Miami decides to move down in the order they chose, it would allow them to take a look at some new pieces in defense as well, and they could also add to the mix by using a cornerback for the first time, to create a lot of mismatches. The Jets have a number of pieces in place including a cornerback as a playmaker, a linebacker in zone coverage for the tight end or even a defensive back with a good run defense.

One of New York's biggest worries this offseason is the draft's impact player on special teams and with Gostkowski coming off an ACL tear that forced him to miss the entire season due to the injury of his left ACL, it would be difficult to avoid being concerned about the Jets drafting two guys in the fifth round (5th overall) for the next two. But there's not something in the system that looks overly risky. With the draft, the Jets are very close to finding their way out of the gates.

There are some exciting moves on the Jets' radar as they search to select a third defensive end with the sixth selection of 2018. The Jets are the one team that makes a case to consider the draft, and they're going to look to make good trades. They have a lot of talent on the roster but only one defensive lineman (Brandon Marshall) is going to go for more than Gostkowski (Brandon Marshall, of course). But if Miami is going to take the first pick, they better bring some veteran. They're probably most excited about the third overall pick, because that's where they're likely to land the pick and the Jets know it.

On the fourth-to-last pick, it's a tough market to go in after drafting the rookie.

If this situation continues, there'll be some great moves by the Jets. There's also no doubt about the team's needs, especially because it still has a number of defensive players on the roster. There are a lot of veterans on the Jets roster and there are plenty of young players that could be
