======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 State, he wrote.

There's been "frequently a little bit of a bump that hasn't crossed" in the market for a replacement for the iPhone or iPad in many cases, Apple said in a statement about its decision.

However, the company's focus on the long-term has helped it reach more than 50 million U.S. consumers by the end of August. That's a small number compared to iPhone sales, which are expected to average $3 billion each month, according to analysts.

The two main iPhone maker iPhone maker Cupertino Inc.

For now, the problem of a product that would never sell a million units per year is the same as it was when Apple first released the iPhone in 1989: A big, bad, bad device.

In recent decades, Apple was the only company that had the means to create a new device with a better price tag, but there is a lot of money in the iPhone business and now there's really no way for anybody to make money on it.

To that end, Apple has taken a very bold move to create a more attractive alternative that will continue its tradition of not being expensive at all. Apple did this by making a much more attractive iPhone.

It's called Apple A, which is a trademark of Apple Ltd., with the name of the company, Apple A, or "Apple" and is an abbreviation for "Apple A-series."

The first iPhone came in 1976 and was released in 1979. It has been around for more than 13 years, but now with an added price mark for the 2 and 3 series, it could be the next-generation iPhone. Apple is still the world's largest smartphone manufacturer.

Apple is the only company to produce the iPhone as the company said it would make a profit by 2025.<|endoftext|>The new president, Donald Trump, has suggested a third world country is "playing a really big role" in protecting the environment, which he sees "probably as a major issue" during his campaign and says he could make the first one do as well.

While his remarks to reporters in New York on Monday were about climate change, the president also suggested that China was attempting to destabilise other regions.

"I think in terms of developing our own energy resources, we can't go down a slippery slope towards China. We have to understand that we have this huge responsibility and it's a long way off," he said.

"But I think it's something that's going to be something and I think that's something that we're going to take, and we haven't," he added.

"It's something that we probably have to look at carefully, because as soon as we hear a very high-level of talking about North Korea or China in the future, that does, and then you're not going to look at China very long-term.

"It might as well be China that is not at our doorstep for 20 years, but that might as well be China and they have a really strong energy policy, and the reason why we have so much optimism in terms of North Korea is because you take a look at our energy policy, it's not the same thing as China.

Shape Created with Sketch. 10 things you need to know about the White House Show all 10 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. 10 things you need to know about the White House 1/10 The U.S. will make an 'emergency' request for safe havens in the Persian Gulf: "We're going to do our best to find a way to ensure that when they attack, all the airliners and cruise missiles are shot down," Trump said at the South China Seas resort of the Philippines in October. Asked if the country had a contingency plan for the region, he said: "No." EPA 2/10 Donald Trump and Barack Obama will be in Miami for a business lunch, hosted by the "Today" show called "The Apprentice." The three will air one newscast every few days, as well as a newscast every few weeks. EPA 3/10 Donald Trump and the media attend a private event at Trump Doral golf course in Palm Beach, California Getty Images 4/10 President Donald Trump holds a signing ceremony for memorandums of understanding between the press and the White House in Washington, DC Getty Images 5/10 U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump hold a signing ceremony for memorandums of understanding between the press and the White House in Washington Reuters 6/10 US President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump receive a memorandum of understanding on the establishment of a policy of opposing certain immigration policies at the US Capitol in Washington DC Getty Images 7/10 Protesters during a protest against the Trump Inauguration parade in Washington DC Getty Images 8/10 A man holds his son Barron J. Trump at a rally in Washington, DC Getty Images 9/10 Demonstrators hold
