======== SAMPLE 1 ========
oil.jpg

The photo below from the 2013 film by Peter Brown shows a pair of white-and-yellowing lizards with red spots on their backs.
I've also included the photo of a black-and-white image of a fish as a color scheme for a few different purposes.
A new and improved version of the image is available
I hope that you find it useful if you feel this page is difficult to explain.
Please share this page with friends and family (if your friends are too) and let's keep looking for new ways to convey your gratitude.<|endoftext|>Image copyright Reuters Image caption Police in New York have seized a $1m ransom payment for the woman who has just been arrested in a sting operation
The BBC's Jeremy Selby says the British government has "never had enough of the sting operations" in India.
At a press conference, Prime Minister Theresa May said the government had "never had enough" of the sting operation in New York.
Minister of State for Justice Andrew Gilliam said the "very real danger" was the "very disturbing" images that were being broadcast in Hindi
He also said it was "very concerning" that some of the images that were being aired had come from India.
Ms May has also recently made calls for the extradition of the Pakistani man who was arrested in New York.
He has faced down a number of criminal charges in the US over the extradition of his father from Pakistan. The arrests of his mother and sister have raised questions in the US over their alleged links to terrorism.
Image copyright AP Image caption An Indian couple has reportedly been given two weeks in prison for carrying out a kidnap
Analysis: Richard Gold
What we have seen so far: In India, the sting on the woman being arrested in New York was very disturbing and unsettling. We have seen a significant increase in the number of people being brought to trial.
Why it matters: As the story unfolds we hope we have learned something and that is that it is in our interest to see more and more of this kind of thing happening before it happens again.
What is happening
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ms May's call for the extradition, which she is sure the British authorities are aware of, began in May
Image copyright AP Image caption A man is charged with kidnapping a 17-year-old girl in a bid to smuggle her to Saudi Arabia
Image copyright JOSHUA HAKURA/AFP Image caption A car used as part of a sting operation has been seized
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The case for an Indian woman who has been detained in India
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Police in India have seized a $1m ransom payment paid to help a 15-year-old girl who has been kidnapped in India
BBC Newsnight on Wednesday
Image copyright AP Image caption The Indian government has been looking to extradite the woman behind the sting operation
Image caption Indian authorities have seized $3m in ransom
Image caption A British businessman in Pakistan is accused of kidnapping 20-year-old student Shaijani
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The victim's sister, who is in critical condition, has also been charged with kidnapping
Image copyright AFP Image caption Shaijani is suspected of being a spy for India
What's the plan?
Under the scheme, British law enforcement are caught in a joint operation to target and capture a person suspected of being a key element in a plot to attack the Indian city of Naroda, in the country's biggest tourist destination.
Ms May says the "very real danger" is what she says is in the captions of a Hindi TV show she made a series of to celebrate her 10th birthday.
She is said to have also called the police.
It's important to remember that the British prime minister wants the extradition of a man in Pakistan, to which she is a staunch supporter.
In a statement: "We know that there are many risks involved in transporting a suspect in a sting operation and the danger we see in the images, and in case the government cannot prove that a link is apparent it can be seized and sold as a gift from a Saudi government supplier."<|endoftext|>What did it take to build a beautiful apartment?
Well, first blush, that's pretty clear: it came from a lot of wood. In a nutshell:
Battleship (not pictured).
Climed
Buttons on the Wall:
Frosty
And a little bit of frost
It started with a great big box
It turned out to be a gift – and that's how it came to be.
In my head, the blue carpet and white canvas
The whole base
But now that it has gone on for over 5 years
I've tried to write about the
Percentage present in input file: 0.0