======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Boris Johnson on Monday called on the Prime Minister to launch an inquiry.

Analysis This is another disappointing day for Boris Johnson, who is at the helm of the government under the leadership of her predecessor Nick Clegg, amid accusations that he is attempting to block the inquiry.

But the Tories now face an extra complication for the inquiry with Mrs Clegg under pressure from Labour leader Ed Miliband, a former Tory MP, and some senior Conservatives including Gordon Brown, John McDonnell and Norman Lamb.

Their failure to hold a second vote has been greeted by many as a "no-go zone", with the Government trying to block the inquiry because it would hurt Mr Brown's position of being able to push the inquiry ahead on his own terms.

Mr Miliband told BBC Radio 4's Andrew Marr show the PM was "no doubt" concerned by the ongoing inquiry because he had had calls from both the Liberal Democrats and the Greens to press ahead with plans for a second inquiry, which they rejected.

While the PM wants to make sure this review can proceed without having to put pressure on him to stand down, the PM has warned he does not want any MPs to have "no sense of justice whatsoever".

But, with the PM having called the prime minister, Mr Miliband said to Mr Brown: "You are going to have to look at people's behaviour and this is a very bad problem for the government now at what it is taking to get it done.

"The prime minister is looking right at other areas for the inquiry.

"We were asking at a time when there was an effort to stop it. We're going to look at other areas, and I'm looking at getting the people from outside the system that are interested.

"There is no sense of justice now. This is a very bad situation."

Image caption Boris Johnson: "I'm certainly not in a position to go and force a second inquiry. But I'm sure the Prime Minister has to step into something that will really get the people out of that - to let them go along with that".

The Lib Dems and Green party have also announced plans to call on Mr Brown not to sit again but instead to hold a third vote.

The Lib Dems were among four major groups led by Ed Miliband - including Liberal Democrat chief whip Nick Clegg, which includes George Osborne, the Chancellor's former economics adviser Peter Mandelson, and Mr Brown, who is also the MP for the constituency of Wood Green, who has previously been a Lib Dem leader.

Lib Dems' chief whip Jon Trickett, who works in London, warned the prime minister of her responsibilities. He added: "I hope that the prime minister does have the courage to hold the committee back and put herself on notice of how far along in the process she is and what we're doing."<|endoftext|>HTC has announced that it has acquired the majority ownership in the smartphone hardware company Huawei, as its third-largest smartphone vendor.

HTC is the largest Taiwanese smartphone vendor in the world, having sold 4.5 million smartphones in 2012. Huawei has been a partner of LG for many years, and its partnership with HTC is still the most successful in the world.

HTC has more than 40 brands, as well as dozens of third-party suppliers, making it the third largest smartphone vendor worldwide.

Huawei said in a post last week it expected to sell 30 million smartphones over the next three years. It will be profitable for the company.

The acquisition, the first with a company so large that it was sold more than two decades ago by Samsung, the world's fifth largest smartphone maker, was announced on Tuesday.

The deal will be announced later this week. Huawei said that an internal team of nine directors, who included senior Huawei engineers, will lead the new design and development team.<|endoftext|>The first person of color, the color we use as a primary visual medium of choice for our world, does not necessarily represent a color. (E.g., a blue or red face might resemble a yellow eye.) A man or woman of color does not have any obvious color-related characteristics, but some of these could be because an individual is perceived as black and thus unable to distinguish it from other colors in the world. It could be because the "blind" skin color, or perceived body color, can cause an emotional or physical crisis. The person with a more severe mental illness, is not the sole color in the world, but has the ability to have those colors as the primary visual medium. The person with a greater sensitivity toward colors is more likely to recognize colors of color-sensitive individuals.

Black and green colors are usually the primary colors that represent colors, but not their primary shades. Thus, black and green colors can be used in combination with green and red and blue in any given environment. In addition, black and green shades are often used interchangeably, and in the context of any given environment,
