======== SAMPLE 1 ========

I've seen a lot of other writers try to talk a little more about how to write a love story. But if I'm honest, I've never been one to listen to the same argument, let alone come up with something more satisfying. I've always believed in the power of words. I've been a fan of the works of Stephen King. I've never been one to question the value of a word. I've never ever held an opinion which is either positive or negative. So it's important for me to use a simple definition of "value" and to have a clear picture of what is in it. But if you're going to try writing a love story, it's your duty to include it. You'll get what you pay for. The point of this is: we write our love stories. But if I wanted to have an idea for a film at the end of this cycle, I'd be taking a break. It's the writer's job to get to know the director, so the only thing that's really going to make an impact in the film is for me with that idea to tell it. So instead of trying to say "I'll write an action-filled love story with a simple twist on the old Beatles story" I want to have a story where I'm fighting the day the Beatles went to the beach. It's kind of the reason I love Lucy in the first place."
I'll tell you, a writer who's going through his own emotional upheaval, a movie in which he's given a character the weight of a martyr, has an idea to get to know Roseanna. That person is in heaven. I love Lucy. He's a wonderful guy and I know his character well enough. So he takes on the burden and the responsibility of saving everyone's future. But there is no other choice in the world. You may not do it and you might not save everyone's future. Roseanna and Josephine are in heaven. But Lucy's always been in the past. So I've felt this need to tell Lucy a story about how to get back to God and get back to himself.
Roseanna gets back to Josephine and Josephine are in heaven. I love Lucy in this way too. Roseanna is in the past. I love Lucy. She was right there. But what if Roseanna's not right?
She goes back to Josephine and Josephine are in heaven. But I don't think to the audience who's been watching this movie that we've grown up and never, ever had been to Heaven.
The most poignant moment in this book is when Josephine calls Rose a liar. Roseanna's saying "So when you say you're an idiot, why not?" Roseanna's saying that this will lead to her getting to heaven. But the point of her statement is to help an oppressed man get his job done. She's trying to help an oppressed man. But if she's been in Heaven she isn't going to get up and jump in the air and say, "I'll do anything."
When Josephine is feeling very low, when Josephine is getting to heaven and Josephine isn't, Roseanna's going to be in trouble or something. That's just the point.
So if you're going to be in trouble, the best thing you can do is to put yourself in her shoes—just to convince her to say, "The Devil likes to talk about being a bitch to her boyfriend". That's a lie. But if you're going to be in trouble, the best thing you can do is to come up with an excuse to go out in public and tell this story to the whole world. So if you're going to be in trouble, I suggest giving her a good, big hug.
For the record, it's a cliché. But I'll bet you the story she tells the story to the whole world, and if you ask her that question it's going to be a great answer. So in the end, if you'll ever get around to telling your story in this way, this is what's going to happen. So don't let her off the hook.
When Lucy says, "They Don't Talk to Me Like That", Roseanna is giving the answer that Lucy's been thinking about for months: "Come on, Lucy. So if there's anything to write about, write the story." For Lucy is saying "The Devil's Got A Handful of Money". So if anyone cares to write something, come by. But if you're not interested in writing a love story, then the real problem is that nobody is writing a love story.
Roseanna and Josephine both love Lucy.
Roseanna and Josephine are the only two characters to win in the Roseanne Scandal: they were nominated. Roseanna won and Lucie Riva won. Josephine won, and Roseanna won. Lucy won. Lucy won. Lucy won. Roseanna won. Josephine won. Lucy won.
Percentage present in input file: 0.0