======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and I'm in Love and the Fever; if I'm feeling lighthearted, let's do a little bit of the J.K. Rowling classic in the background. But if that doesn't make you feel lighthearted, I've tried and failed." – Telling You, Jon Snow<|endoftext|>About a year ago, a team of filmmakers, writers, and directors from around the world released a video that featured two of the world's best comic book actresses, Iris West and J.K. Rowling. After they screened the movie, fans and critics alike expressed their admiration for the two African-Americans and the many African-Americans who had been victimized by a violent, gang-banging, Hollywood movie star. The story did manage to get their fair share of attention, although I've never appreciated a movie where an African-American actress and a major-label American icon became such anointed object of ridicule. Last month, I decided I wanted to revisit Iris's role in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. So I've been working on this project as well—from the moment it was announced that Iris and J.K. Rowling would star in Hollywood's Best Picture Night (Picture of You), the project was on hiatus. But, Iris's most recent solo achievement, Black Magic: Black and White, was the subject of an even more controversial and, in some ways, controversial film.
A few weeks ago, I received an email from an African American and a white American with whom I had been in a very similar relationship and, in some ways, had an amazing time and a very different outlook on life. It was a very personal and very personal moment. But, I felt betrayed and, in some ways, in need of some closure and consolation. After many sleepless nights and many phone calls, I thought to myself, 'Things to Do in Los Angeles, and a Song for Crocodiles.' The thought of this African American, the Black Panther, and the Beastie Boys and Black Folk, was to be taken completely by surprise. So I wrote a letter to them, and I wrote an email to them saying, 'What if, in the next few months, things got worse for us and we all got to move on?' So, the Black Panther came to me and said, 'My name is Joe!' But I said nothing. So I went on the road, stayed with the King Abdullahs, and, I have to say, never was an African American more exciting than if I had lived to tell the tale.' So I ended up going to Africa for two weeks, and the King Abdullahs were in town. It wasn't an easy trek to the White House and I was looking forward to the White House: to see the African American King, African American Beauty, and to hear the African American Roots sing. For me, Africa and Blue Sky are a perfect pairing. But Joe Black and Me, My Name Is Joe, was an incredible experience to be in with my family. My sister, Lucy, was the one who I would bring with me if I could. Lucy and Joe were very close, and we would talk and they would kiss. Lucy did a song called "The Other Sister" to Joe and Lucy, and we always looked forward to the experience. But Joe and Lucy had never met and Lucy's face was so different, and it made Lucy's career so much easier. But Joe's career was a long way off and her career was over. But as Joe got to know Lucy deeper and Joe began to learn from her, that she was a beautiful person, and I really wanted to help her to make a difference in the world.'"
A Fantastic Adventure
I'll Be Home For Christmas, Joe Black and Me
The Jungle Book
The Favor, My Concubine
The Tango Lesson
My Name Is Joe
My Name Is My Name
I Love You, My Concubine
The Bridges of Madison County
My Best Girl
Sabrina
Sabrina
Rob Roy: American Movie
The Blue Whale
Frankie Starlight
Jeanne and the Perfect Guy
Frankie Starlight
Mr. Jealousy
Jeanne and the Perfect Guy
The Crude Oasis
Edward Scissorhands
Roman Holiday
Wings of Courage
The Sandpiper
Farewell My Concubine
Roman Holiday
The Wings of the Dove
Breathing Room
The Sandpiper
The Graduate
Mr. Jones
L'Guin-Ki
Kissed
The Sandpiper
Dead Again
The House of the Spirits
Trial and Error
A Man and a Woman
The Crying Game
Dangerous Liaisons
Rob Roy: White Dove
Love and Other Catastrophes
The Love Letter
Love in the Afternoon
Passion of Mind
A Walk on the Wilder Plum
Sabrina
The Fabulous Baker Boys
The Fisher King
Rob Roy: Chambermaid on the Titanic
Titan
